# Answers Monitoring
Answers Monitoring built by **rockITdata** is a Qlik application to provide monitoring capabilities for Qlik Cloud Answers implementation

The application provides monitoring information around **Assistants, Knowledge Bases, and Questions**. The goal of the application is to monitor utilization, consumption, capacity, and to provide visibility into maximizing the value from your Qlik Answers implementation.

## Limitations
Qlik Answers is a new product released by Qlik. This application uses APIs that are **not** currently in production and have some known limitations.
1. Currently APIs are unable to capture questions from Assistants in Personal spaces. This prevents accurate alignment to Capacity numbers in the tenant Administration panel. It is suspected that this limitation will be reconciled by Qlik and an update to the application will be released if needed.
2. Currently APIs are unable to capture content related to deleted Assistants and Knowledge Bases. It is suspected that this limitation will be reconciled by Qlik and an update to the application will be released if needed.

## Installing / Updating
1. This application can be installed via upload to your Qlik Cloud tenant: [Qlik Help Documentation](https://help.qlik.com/en-US/cloud-services/Subsystems/Hub/Content/Sense_Hub/Apps/uploading-apps.htm)
2. Adjustment of the vu_rest_connection variable in the ** Configuration ** section of the Data load editor to utilize an existing Qlik REST monitoring API connection. If a Qlik REST API connection has not already been setup, it will need to be created using an API key generated by a user with Tenant Admin access. The connection can be configured using any Qlik REST API as long as it allows “WITH CONNECTION”.

## Subscription Compatibility
Use of this application requires a Qlik Answers subscription as well as a Qlik Cloud Analytics subscription.

## Support Policy
This application is provided as-is and is not supported by Qlik or rockITdata. Over time, the APIs and metrics used by the application may change, so it is advised to monitor this repository for update, and to update the application promptly when new versions are available.

If you have issues while using the application that you are unable to resolve and need additional support, you can contact [rockITdata](https://rockitdata.com) directly for services.

If you have feature requests you can submit them here: [Feature Request](mailto:jfishbein@rockitdata.com)
